Team Member Priority (For First Turn-in):
Seth: Tile Engine + code clean up
Matt Senn: HUD design (Think about how we want to represent the health/mana bar, draw up some simple graphics for this.)
Jerry: Menu System
Matt Adams: Design the tutorial level. Just think of some basic puzzles and enemy interactions for out main character to solve.
David: Code up a base class for the enemy's. This will help us to create all the enemies that we may need. You may even want to go one step higher and code a base class for any character.



Presentation shall include your layer schedule and who is responsible for each piece, what pieces you have completed, the underlying game architecture using UML diagrams (or some derivative therein), and describe any PROGRAMMING and DESIGN issues and how you solved them. 

1. You should be finished with your low level (and be kind of embarrassed if you had not started desired level) – Hand in a one page progress report on your game. Describe how many layers you have finished. You can include screen shots to help explain it and text to describe how a user would interact with it. You should be most of the way through layer 3 or perhaps even layer 4 (depending on how aggressive your proposal was). Your report should have no more than 5 pages.


You must have completed layer 1 by this time! 

Explain what has proved to be harder (or easier) than expected. What design revisions have you made to your game as a result of what you've learned with the implementation? Discuss the implementation challenges you faced. Were their aspects that you wanted to build but were unable to do so?

2. Each group will do an in-class demo of their work to date. Briefly show the latest and greatest of what you got. Your presentation should not be longer than 7 minutes.



For the alpha version of the game, Seth was responsible for the creation of tile engine, Matthew Senn was responsible for the HUD, Jerry did work on the menu system, David wrote up the base class for the enemies, and I designed the levels.  We have laid down a lot of the ground work for the game, but we still have quite a bit to go in getting everything working. 
We had a lot of things that ended up being accomplished on all ends.   I think all of us are excited to use the new tile engine and see what kind of levels we can produce with such a tool.  The old one created a pretty decent map I think, but with a better one I'm sure we can do a ton better.   We have a working HUD system with a clock and a health bar and that can be easily adapted to include our spells.  The menu system right now allows us to enter the game from our menu and has a kind of desktop paint theme that is in the current place holding.  Strangely I find the screen appealing, though I’m not sure why.    The levels currently have 2 designed maps and collision maps for them, as well as a roof texture I was playing around with.  The design is kind of haphazard as I knew we would be switching to our new engine come Tuesday, but I believe they still turned out okay.  There were a few things though we hadn’t gotten implemented yet that we wanted to get playing.
	While we made a good deal of progress, there were some things we did not get done.  As of this moment the spells currently are not implemented and the monsters don’t damage you, so there really is no danger.  We have a lot of placeholder icons while we wait for our artist to get us the sprites.  We also didn’t yet complete moving between maps, though this was kind of put on the backburner to wait for the new engine which promises to be easier to do this with.
